-Wait!
-[officer] Hi. cup of tea please.
How come he can push to
the front of the queue?
He's a police officer.
He's needed on the beat.
not queuing for tea.
He's a Police Community Support Officer.
[Dan] What's he in a rush for?
Has someone dropped a
Double Decker wrapper?
Actually. they have a higher level
of custodial power than you'd imagine.
Oh. they have a higher custodial power
than you imagine.
Look at me. I'm the man on the
front of the Pringles tube.
Oh. hello. my name's Janet Street Porter.
What you doing?
We're not doing impressions?
Were you not doing a?
So what crimes is he actually
qualified to deal with?
I don't know the specifics.
Anyway. this is inane.
like most things you wanna talk about.
None of us know what Police Community
Support Officers are allowed to do.
Why don't you ask Big
Dave Bowers. he's a copper?
He's a butcher. Jo.
What's with the uniform then?
[Dan] This is gonna be
anarchy when this gets out.
No. no it isn't because no-one
else is wasting their life
pondering nonsense.
-That's nonsense is it?
-Right.
Well. when we're in the pub
tonight. if there's any police about
I shall help myself
to beer. and crisps. and
If anyone questions me. I'll smack
them in the goof with a pool cue.
Shall I. Brian?
-Fine.
Thankfully. I won't be there to see it.
-I'm not coming out this weekend.
-What do you mean?
Julia's taking the girls to her mum's.
I've got the place to myself.
It's Friday night mate.
it's the cider quiz.
Sorry. I've got a weekend
of sheer bliss lined up.
Gonna have me some Brian time.
Result. bag of sausage.
Hold on to your tits. he's
not coming to the cider quiz.
-Yeah. neither am I.
-Oh my God!
Got the health and beauty conference.
I'm launching my new business. The PMT.
Don't tell me. I'll worry.
Don't leave me on my own all weekend.
I don't like down time.
I don't like Brian time!
-Come out!
-Oi!
I'll get Bob if you're gonna muck about!
Sir. you've got a class.
Miss Lipsey said to come and get you.
Bugger off. you little grass.
-Dan!
-Well.
[Dan] All right I'm coming.
Oh my God!
Dan's boss is tiny!
[upbeat music]
Jesus!
Hello. you all right?
[man] Fuck off.
Sorry!
[man] You ran me over.
Oh no. I didn't. you were already down!
[man] Liar.
[Dan] Honestly. you were already down.
[man] You did knock him down. I saw it.
What the fuck!
[man] I'm a witness.
You hit him.
You will rot in prison for this.
you lanky fat weirdo.
Get up. Dad. Jesus!
Oh. villain. villain.
smiling damned villain!
I can't wait to put you in a home!
What a nasty boy.
He must be punished.
Shit. is it your birthday?
Now why would I be putting
a banner up for my own birthday?
Dementia.
It's your niece's birthday.
She doesn't live here.
you ludicrous old goon.
Your sister's here with Lucy.
We're having a birthday party
for her and all her little
friends tomorrow.
Oh. no!
Not children. not at the weekend.
No. I won't allow it.
We won't disturb you. don't worry.
Your dad and I have got it all organized.
Do you mean the warped
suicide Jester in the road?
No. your dad.
Right.
Well I'll have nothing to do
with your jamboree of screaming and piss.
[Polly] You're not invited.
We want the kids to have a safe party.
I. I could help.
[laughs]
No. no thank you. sweetheart.
Eh!
I'm not offering. but if I
wanted to I could be of help.
No. oh no. [laughs]
Uncle Dan!
Oh. you horrible little
scum bag. I hate you!
It's my birthday tomorrow.
we're having a party!
I know. it's gonna be rubbish.
All right. sis?
-Hello. Dan.
-You're rubbish!
-Oi. Lucy.
-You're rubbish mate you can't even drive.
She can't.
Can we sing the poo song?
No. you know I don't like that song.
Oh.
Uh-oh.
♪ Ohh ♪
♪ The hippo was kicked out of the zoo ♪
♪ Why ♪
♪ Because he did a massive poo ♪
♪ Where ♪
♪ He pooed on a tiger.
he pooed on a mouse ♪
♪ He even did a massive
poo in the penguin's mouth ♪
♪ -Err
-Ohh ♪
♪ The penguin was angry and
he spat the poo right out ♪
[hurls]
Yeah. yeah. thank you
very much. Dan. that'll do.
Lucy. do you want to go
and get your pajamas on?
No. I want to stay
and play with Uncle Dan!
Get going.
We can play at the
party tomorrow. you idiot!
We can't! Mum say's you're not invited.
You know I hate that song.
Hang on a minute. what does
she mean I'm not invited?
I thought mum was joking!
I wasn't.
I'm not invited! Why not?
Don't make me spell it out. Dan.
You and a room full of other
people's kids singing about
animals shitting in each other's mouths.
-I don't think so.
-No. thank you.
Oh. I suppose that lunatic's
invited though is he?
Dad's doing a little show for the kiddies.
And what's happening with you and Naomi?
Oh. why do people keep asking me this?
She's gone.
Oh. Dan. but she's such a lovely girl.
She's an angel.
Oh. reel it in old woman!
I worry about you. that's all.
I mean. you're a nice enough bloke.
but I think you're gonna die alone.
Oh I'm a nice enough bloke am I?
Would a nice enough bloke do this?
Daniel!
That's Lucy's favourite dolly!
-Well.
-[Lucy] Mummy!
Do you know. it's nice to be needed?
It's a good feeling.
That little girl trusts me absolutely.
Who needs you. Daniel?
This old prune. for a start.
Ladies and gentleman.
the personal makeover tent.
A one off grooming solution.
Care for a free consultancy?
Anyone?
Hi. can I speak to Naomi. please?
It's a friend.
No. I won't take part
in a vetting process.
Yes. I can prove it.
She's got a horrible mole.
like a shrunken child's face.
just inside her bikini line.
Yeah. yes. happy?
Yeah. I'll leave a message.
It's her dad. I've had a fall!
[Dad] Ooh!
Ahh. fucking hell.
You can't resist calling. can you?
I was just phoning her
to ask if she thought I was trustworthy.
What's wrong with that?
You could have asked her yourself.
Tomorrow.
What do you mean?
Oh. he doesn't know does he?
-No.
-What don't I know?
Naomi's coming to the party.
Lucy's party?
They've invited her?
I don't fucking believe this!
Now. I can see straight away
some basics we can deal with
before we deal with the overall look.
Well. I'm not sure I even want to.
That has completely
redefined your cheek bones.
Oh. a. listen I...
You've got a little bit
of a mono-brow going on.
However. if we take a bit
of weight out of the central
growth. it will really help
the shape of your face.
-I think I should probably...
-That's from Mexico. it's a
product that'll take the whole
section out.
What is it?
Holy mother of fuck!
-Thank you so much.
-Have a good evening. madam.
-Thank you. madam.
That must be nice.
Beg your pardon. sir?
To be trusted.
Huh. all part of the job. sir.
Ah! You're not a real one.
We were talking about you earlier.
Sir. can you move along
please. I'm trying to do my job.
Is it like erm. a hobby for you?
Oh. yeah. yeah. yeah.
yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah!
Here we go. another joker!
-I was only asking.
-No. I'm not full time.
No. I don't have the
same arrest powers. OK.
Is that what you want?
I'm just trying to give something back.
I'm fucking sick of this!
No. no. I think you do great work.
I was just wondering.
Wondering what?
If I do this as my social life!
Yeah. I do. happy?
You look good.
You. you look like a real policeman.
I fucking am a real policeman.
What do you think that is. scotch mist?
I'll radio the fucking station shall I?
Get a fucking Black Mariah down here.
Then we'll see who's part time shall we?
Get a fucking dog team down here.
Is that what you want?
Get bitten by a massive fucking dog!
-I'm really sorry.
-Just fuck off out of it.
I'm sick of this shit!
-You all right. Tony?
-Leave it!
[Jo] What you doing.
they're just eyebrows?
I've got a bit of cream here. let me.
Let me sort it out.
Fucking.
[both] Pub.
What has happened here?
He sleeps.
Ah. we are such stuff as dreams
are made of and our little
life is rounded with a sleep.
Shall we wake him?
Why ever not.
But how?
A gentle shake?
No. no. no.
[gasps]
[horn honks]
[Dan] What the fuck is it now?
Morning. Daniel.
Time to get up.
♪ When we're together ♪
♪ Touching each other ♪
♪ And our bodies ♪
♪ Do what we feel ♪
Ooh. here's a sight for sore eyes.
Hello. Jo.
How was the cider quiz?
We came last. We just bought a shit load.
-Lucy. do you remember Auntie Jo?
-No. Do you want to come to a party?
Er. no she doesn't.
And while we're on the subject.
who invited Naomi?
Naomi's like family.
I am family.
She dumped me.
Yeah. Naomi!
Judas!
I. I like your head.
-I like your head?
-I don't know how to speak to them.
It's very nice to see you
two. but you'll need to go out
soon. the kiddies'll be arriving.
So. you're serious?
I can't actually stay?
Correct.
Oh come on. let me do something. Please.
Well. we do need the cake collected.
No way.
-Can I go?
-Absolutely not!
Wait.
Please let me get the cake.
I really need this. Daisy.
Go on then. go and get your shoes. Lucy.
-Yay!
-I'll go and get her booster seat.
[Jo] So erm. what do you like. Lucy?
I like ponies!
Wicked. I used to have a horse.
What!
Did you?
Really. a horse of your own?
Did you ride him?
I tried. but he went mental
in the wind. so we had to
knacker him for glue.
Jo!
Sorry. sorry!
My dad had to kill him 'cause
he was bad in the head!
No!
Auntie Jo's joking. Lucy.
The horse is fine.
I'm not. I'm not joking.
My dad had to hit him
twice before he went down.
He bit me in the tit once.
-Good.
-Er.
My cake.
Look at the size of this. it's ridiculous.
Aw. it reminds me of Duncan.
-Duncan the horse?
-Yeah.
Open the back door. I'm going
to have to put this on the seat.
There's shit loads of
unopened letters in there.
-Fucking bin them. this weighs a ton.
-[Jo] Oh. OK.
It's ridiculous.
Act of madness.
How many kids is she having to this party?
Uncle Dan. that's Naomi!
What?
Oh.
Oh. this is perfect.
Naomi!
Dan.
Did you ring my office yesterday?
No!
Look the child!
Yes. I can see that.
Happy birthday. Lucy!
Are you coming to my party?
They've let me come down
to er. pick up the cake.
Right.
Yes I am.
Looks like I'm pretty trustworthy. eh?
The actual birthday child.
We've already picked up the
cake. it's gone beautifully.
See you at the party!
[Jo] No. you can't. you can't
take. no you can't take. no!
No. oh my god!
Lucy. you just stay there. OK?
Lucy. stay right there. OK?
[Jo] No. no. no. you can't.
you can't take. no you can't
take Duncan. no!
Jo. what the fuck?
Dan. they've taken Duncan.
[Jo] Yeah. they took him. they
took him to the car pound!
-I tried to tell them stop.
-Jo. what the fuck?
I couldn't make them stop
though. Dan. I couldn't make them stop!
Calm down.
Calm. calm down.
Breathe. breathe.
Right. then why did you let them take it?
Because they said the car wasn't insured.
They did a random check on the computer!
They didn't do a check on the computer!
I would have had a letter!
Have you lost my cake?
What we gonna do?
They're going to destroy him!
No!
It's all right.
Auntie Jo is confusing your
cake for a horse called Duncan.
-We've got to get him back.
-Poor Duncan!
The car pound's miles away.
How we gonna get there?
You couldn't do it. could you?
You couldn't just let me be for one day.
Mate. this is an emergency.
Caused by you!
I never need your help do I?
It's always this way round.
How is any of this my fault?
[Dan] I didn't know I wasn't insured.
You always know!
You must always know!
You set up a Direct
Debit and you monitor it.
You get a Bank Statement and
you check it. you put a note
in your diary. you cross reference.
You get your bank to send you
confirmation which you put in a drawer.
You check that drawer on
a monthly basis. you put
your statements in a
folder in that drawer.
You check your outgoings
and make sure that they are consistent.
You never presume that your
Direct Debit is more important
to someone else than it is to you!
You protect your earnings.
you check your cover.
You never. ever. ever get caught out!
Huh.
Don't get upset.
You're right.
Pathetic.
You're not pathetic.
Remember at school. we were
all getting bullied by Andrew Tate?
No-one would stand up to him.
but you had a fight with him. didn't you?
-Yeah. but.
-Jo. you remember that fight
Dan had with Andrew Tate?
Yeah. I remember you
training for that fight.
Running up all those steps.
eating raw eggs. punching frozen meat.
-And you kept shouting Adrian. Adrian.
-Get back in the car!
No-one would stand up to him. but you did.
Yeah. yeah I did.
Then he beat the shit out
of me. didn't he. Brian?
And then every day for a month
he came round and he shat on
my mum's lawn. do you remember?
Mum had to call the police in the end.
And then they made me see a
social worker they said I'd caused it all.
Then. of course. eventually
Andrew Tate got put in to a home.
Then his mum had a breakdown.
We would see her. do you
remember. walking round the town
with that shopping trolley full
of soil shouting. who likes
my cocoa power?
Who wants to see my cocoa powder?
It was awful. Brian!
It was awful!
OK. Bad example.
Right. Let's get going. shall we?
Ah. it's you.
Yeah. it's me. sir.
The Supervising Officer. the last word.
The buck.
Right. what is it?
200 pounds. here you are.
First things first. sir. ID please.
You know who I am. You saw me last night.
I've never seen you before in my life.
Just give him your Driving License. Dan.
Here.
And er. can you confirm your address?
Chislehurst Crescent.
Oh dear. looks like someone's
forgot to inform us of their
change of address. making this invalid.
You've been back at
your mum's for six years.
It's got my photograph on it!
But not your address.
See it looks like my authority
isn't in doubt to-fucking-day is it?
You. you don't wear a lot of make-up.
Are you. are you going
for the natural look?
I'm not allowed make-up.
It's your birthday.
A little makeover wouldn't hurt.
-What's a makeover?
-What's a?
I'll get my stuff.
I'm not an unreasonable man.
I'll settle for a. a car log
book and erm. a utility bill.
A utility bill?
Why would I have a utility bill on me?
This isn't my house.
I'm not a fucking snail.
No ID. no car.
All right. just show me where
it is so I can get my pony cake out of it.
I'm hardly going to let a
complete stranger remove a pony
cake from a car that
might not be his. am I?
I really need this. mate!
And I need order and
people obeying the law!
If you don't mind me saying.
I think you are being a bit unreasonable.
Unreasonable?
Do you want to fucking see unreasonable!
Well. it's over.
Let's go back and face the music.
I've failed.
-I've proved them right again.
-It's only a cake. Dan.
Start looking at the big picture.
No-one's gonna judge you on a cake.
[Jo] Holy mother of fuck.
[screams]
I. I thought it was a one-off.
They're all faulty.
We need to get that fucking cake.
[screams]
Why?
Dan. stop that. get in the Scenic.
You. draw her eyebrows back.
Brian?
Get in the Scenic.
[car horn honks]
[Jo] I don't understand.
Why do you want your car in the pound?
[Lucy] Where's Uncle Dan?
'Cause. unlike Dan. I have
the requisite household bill.
I always carry one. just in case.
I don't get it.
So. all we need. while I go
and deal with the formalities
of getting my car. is someone
on the inside to recover the
cake from Dan's car.
Behold.
The Trojan Horse.
♪ It was a theme she had ♪
♪ On a scheme he had ♪
♪ Told in a foreign land ♪
♪ To take life on earth ♪
♪ To the second birth ♪
♪ And the man was in command ♪
Where the hell is he?
There's loads of cars
in here. he must be lost.
There he is! He's got my cake!
♪ Don't push too far your
dreams are china in your hand ♪
♪ Don't wish too hard
because they may come true ♪
♪ And you can't help them ♪
♪ You don't know what you
might have set upon yourself ♪
[dog barks]
Seize him. Tyson!
Oh. oh god!
Duncan!
[Lucy] No!
-Oh God.
-Oh fuck.
Not the cake!
The pony!
Brian.
Ah. shit. shit. shit.
Oh. the head.
[laughs]
♪ Don't push too far your
dreams are china in your hand ♪
♪ Don't wish too hard
because they may come true ♪
♪ And you can't help them ♪
♪ You don't know what you
might have set upon yourself ♪